Mayank Dubey 

```6 months back I made a decision to not sit for placement. Now I am sitting for placements but just on the opposite side of the table.```


The Founder of Directly.live. A platform that narrows the gap between the experts and learners and help them to share their knowledge to a wider audience. Constantly grinding himself to become an ideal entrepreneur. A recent IIT Delhi Alumni. Mayank was a student of Computer Science Engineering. His journey from studying CSE to 3-4 startups in his college year only is one of the most exciting ones you will come across. An ideal IIT student who didn’t come to get a job but instead to create many. From rejecting internship to giving job is something which requires a lot of courage and discipline.

The journey of entrepreneurship	 provides unmatched quality of magnitude of learning that a job almost fails to provide you. No one is born with all the traits necessary to be 100% successful on their own. Everything requires tremendous amount of patience, grit and determination which can be only be learned on the go. Entrepreneurship is not a course it’s a mindset which one develops and improves with time. 

While describing his journey, Mayank mentioned that there is nothing called as a bad idea. If you have faced an issue and found a solution for it, then there will be someone in this 7.9 Billion population who may be going through the same problem. He also talked about the idea which are good but already exists in market and according to him 

What are some the problems you faced when you started your entrepreneurship journey?

When you first start your company there’s lot of optimism and things are great and so happiness at first is high then you encounter all sorts of issues happiness and your confidence steadily declines this is one of the biggest pain as a startup guy I went through and eventually if you succeed which in most case you won’t but if u did you’ll be finally happy with a successful running business. 



If you’re a new company or unless it’s like some new market that if it’s an untapped market or then your idea has ability to do business as the standard is lower for your product but if your idea or product is made for an existing market where there are already large competitors then your product or services needs to be much better. You’re always gonna bribe the trusted brand unless there’s a big difference

Anything for someone who think or is new to this Entrepreneur World?

There is no other way for you to found out than to get your hands dirty and start it right now.
Of all the challenges that exist and will come your way, three of them are the most important ones and he discussed on how budding entrepreneurs can work around it. If you are unsure if you will be able to make it, try working in a startup first and see if that is something you want to do and will be able to do.



